---
layout: post
title: 'New Year (2026), New Sem, New(?) Me'
date: 2026-01-17
slug: new-year-2026
---
<br>

This post is pretty late (writing this after completing my first week back in the Spring semester), but here nonetheless. It's 2026 now, and I finished my first semester at university! I finished this semester with a 3.92 GPA, a few new friends, and a lot of things learned. The main thing is just I need to be doing more. This semester I wanted to do a lot of things (get an internship, go to the gym consistently, get a 4.0, make progress on comic book) but I realized I didn't really do any of those...<br>
<br>

While I didn't concretely hit the goals I made at the beginning of the semester, I did work towards them a lot. I did a good amount of leetcode practice, made a few projects, connected and messaged a ton of people, sent out ~200 intern applications, worked on a research project (recently submitted paper), did a hackathon, started talking to my peers in CS, joined a club or 2, slightly improved (or at least maintained) my physique, got a 3.92 GPA (not perfect but still p good), and for what its worth, wrote around 30 pages of my comic's script.
<br>
<br>

I did doom scroll a lot and wasted a ton of time tho... that's one thing of many I'm working on right now.
This next semester I want to keep my GPA above 3.9, get an summer 2026 internship (pls hire me 🙏), make more friends, make more projects, get a hackathon win, be more consistent in the gym + improve my physique, and spend more time making art.

<br>
The main obstacles here are definitely not preparing for tests and projects in advance, skipping out on LC, not connecting with enough people, not being social enough, not keeping up with what other people are doing, being lazy and not scheduling my day, and spending time on tiktok/insta then wasting my day (roughly respective to the goals above).
<br>
<br>

Spring 2026 is here, lets goooooo